In your opinion, what effect has the televising of rugby had?
It's allowed the whole nation basically to see and witness what goes on.
Lots of people in their lifetime will not have seen a live game of rugby,
whether it's locally or at a major club level, and certainly not at an international level.
I've gone to games and I've spoken to people who know it's their first time being there
and the excitement of being able to get a ticket.
Certainly the television has put pressure on ticket sales, along with the cost of tickets nowadays of course.
So television has brought to the public that opportunity of enjoying that spectacle, that arena.
It's like putting the gladiators in, in a sense. There's the ball.
It's a moment really that certainly over the years, if you don't have Sky in England for a while,
sold the rights of all the games to Sky so that everybody could see the England game.
I know there was a lot of disgust at that, whereas they've taken it off the actual, the normal channels of BBC.
I think for a year or two I think, I'm not sure, if ITV had some of the rights and their coverage was quite poor by comparison.
Maybe there was a line still, maybe they're going to offer the tangent.
But certainly television has brought to everybody's home the opportunity of sharing in that encounter,
in that hopefully triumph, and sharing then that moment of pride, enjoyment.
Because it certainly does. It's a moment where you feel, well, that was good.
And do you think televising rugby has had an effect on the community?
I think it does. It does. I believe that in the locality there's a number of clubs that have started in the late 70s and 80s
because of what was happening at the national level.
And that goes with a lot of communities in South Wales.
A lot of clubs have sprung up in the last 30, 40 years because of what was happening in the 70s with Welsh rugby at the national level.
I think it's had a major, major impact in that respect.
And it's also kickstarted a lot of mini rugby movements within rugby clubs that didn't exist before.
People basically played rugby at secondary school level.
That was the first time they would encounter it and then throw youth and whatever else.
But nowadays it's certainly prevalent in most of the junior schools, rugbyers in some shape or form.
And at most clubs have major numbers attending on Sunday mornings to play mini rugby.
And I think that's because of the impact of television that's had on it.
Why can't we make that available to younger people?